1) always do migrations when updating models
2) In flask shell, if models isnt a python file but a folder which holds files which holds the model then you need to import it via 
   "from models.<filename> import *"


Day 3 Questions: Upload Profile Images
1) Forms:
   1) What attribute do we need to include into our form tag when posting an image? What does the said attribute do?
   2) For our input tag, what value do we assign to the type attribute ?

2) Python:
   1) How do we get the FILE data from our form tag?
   2) How do we save an image's path?
   3) How to extract a value from the .env folder?
   4) Why and how do we use hybrid_property?
   5) When do we use try and except?
   6) How does try and except work?


Questions: User following User
1) When joining 2 tables, when and how do you know which column from each table should be combined
2) What does select() return and how does it look like in if we printed
3) If there is more than 1 validate(), and self.validate() is called. How does it know which validate to refer to and what role does "self" play?

Quesstions: Oauth
1) What is the difference between client ID and secret and how are each of them used.
2) Roughly describe how does Oauth process work and how describe the user's interactions and effects with respect to google's server / your backend and frontend

Questions: Payment
1) Why can we use render_template/redirect in new() but not in create() specifically when our new.html is javascript
   # How views work is
      # 1) When I type in the "url/payments/new" in my browser
      # 2) It sends the request to views.py (server)
      # 3) It then runs new(), which returns the html response (in this case render_template) to the html page which WAS on.

   # But in this case, once our payments.new file is loaded on our browser. It is in javascript
   # So when we try to use return render_template / redirect, it won't understand it because the javascript page is trying to interpret html
   # so We need to return a javascript response
2) Roughly describe the process of making a Braintree process
3) With what field type should you store the amount figure in your database?

Questions: User Images
1) If I backref a foreign key on a model, How and what happens when I reference the backref?
2) When should you use hybrid_property?

Questions: Editing personal info
1) When you return a value from HTML what type does it come in as?
2) How would you structure your backend code such that you can have 2 seperate forms on the same HTML page? How many functions? How many routes?